create python fastapi server for this platform to manage the admin. remove the admin page from the frontend and implement the same in this server. you all have make a marketing automation section for the platform to do email marketing and automated social media posting on facebook and instagram from the product catalog one by one in every 2 hrs. for posting use the product images and videos and write a good engaging text for each product using AI.  for email marketing use the list of audiences and send them email using AI generated text and images. this should work with human inroll for the products in the store do automated marketing using email and social media. i have support@lumively.com for email and lumively account on the facebook and instagram connected with business account.


use the browser to use the python server like a real user will use and run it as the daliy business oprations and make it entherprice grade and production-readly


see all the implementation of admin page in git and implement the same in the python server to control the platform. the frontend should work alone also for order payment and fulfilment. the python server should controll the products catalog, edit the product and run the social media marketing and email marketing on automation. connect the cj dropshipping to python backend to add  new products in one click like in the github version

i want you to make defferent selections for email marketing and social media marketing. both services should working automaticly every 2 hours to post the content on facebook and instagram by taking the product from the database every time the next product. see if it have a video link use it in post at the first place and add all the product images if not then only use the product images. use the ai to write a good high convertional caption for that product and post it on  facebook and instagram. for email marketing every 2 hours write a realy good email for brand promoting and product promotion use the product images in the email. the system should also mantain log for all the actives and edit option to edit any post any time. both the system should also have manual media upload option for post and use the ai to write the a good caption post to  facebook and instagram and for email create email automaticly generate a promotional email and user could edit and send the email to every audiance.


this is the openrouter api use the best free ai llm model for this platfrom and properly integrate it to each feature of the platform. 
i want you to make (email marketing and social media marketing) both services should working automaticly every 2 hours to post the content on facebook and instagram by taking the product from the database every time the next product. see if it have a video link use it in post at the first place and add all the product images if not then only use the product images. use the ai to write a good high convertional caption for that product and post it on  facebook and instagram. for email marketing every 2 hours write a realy good email for brand promoting and product promotion use the product images in the email. the system should also mantain log for all the actives and edit option to edit any post any time. both the system should also have manual media upload option for post and use the ai to write the a good caption post to  facebook and instagram and for email create email automaticly generate a promotional email and user could edit and send the email to every audiance.   make it enterprice-grade and production-readly for real world automation to deploy it on render. only the python backend will be in render everything else is in vercel and both will not communicate to each but used database. vercel to show products to users and render to manage all the thing.



there should be a side ai chat bot to get updates and from there ai should also be able to use the server tools to do anything on the chat only like "prepare a realy high convertion ad for the product id (get the video and images from database and write caption) and post it(post to facebook and social)". similarly for the email marketing

see the entire codebase understand the whole system and make it enterprice-grade and production readly for real word. all the features should work and will work autonumosly to do marketing and sell the stores product without any human interaction. also create a readme file for this platform name "Lumively" a ai powered e-commerce store with marketing automation(email and social media).

there should be a option to manual run the 2 hour automation ai to post and email and see that it did and edit before posting or sending the mail in the preview



see that everything should work perfectly the website for users to buy pay and fulfil by cj dropshipping and do the marketing in every 2 hours to post in instagram and facebook. it should be enterprice-grade and production for the real world users to buy from the website. after verifying all the things push it to github for production and start working for marketing and selling from the website.

